--------------------------------------
------ LICENSE ON ORIGINAL CODE ------
--------------------------------------

Copyright (c) 2012, Peter Krafft, Juston Moore, Hanna Wallach, and
Bruce Desmarais 
All rights reserved.

http://www.opensource.org/licenses/eclipse-1.0

--------------------------------------
------ LICENSES ON DEPENDENCIES ------
--------------------------------------

--- MALLET ---

MALLET was written by Andrew McCallum, with contributions from several
graduate students and staff, including Kedar Bellare, Gaurav
Chandalia, Aron Culotta, Gregory Druck, Al Hough, Wei Li, David Mimno,
David Pinto, Sameer Singh, Charles Sutton, Jerod Weinman, and Limin
Yao, at University of Massachusetts Amherst, as well as contributions
from Fernando Pereira, Ryan McDonald, and others at University of
Pennsylvania.  The MALLET website was designed and written by David
Mimno, with contributions from Charles Sutton, Gaurav Chandalia, and
Al Hough.

The toolkit is Open Source Software, and is released under the Common
Public License. You are welcome to use the code under the terms of the
licence for research or commercial purposes, however please
acknowledge its use with a citation:

McCallum, Andrew Kachites.  "MALLET: A Machine Learning for Language
Toolkit." http://mallet.cs.umass.edu. 2002.

Here is a BiBTeX entry:
   @unpublished{McCallumMALLET,
      author = "Andrew Kachites McCallum",
      title = "MALLET: A Machine Learning for Language Toolkit",
      note = "http://mallet.cs.umass.edu",
      year = 2002}

--- Apache CLI ---

The Apache Software License, Version 2.0

--- GNU Trove ---

The source code for GNU Trove is licensed under the Lesser GNU Public
License (LGPL).

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as
published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2.1 of the
License, or (at your option) any later version. This library is
distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU Lesser General Public
License for more details. You should have received a copy of the GNU
Lesser General Public License along with this library; if not, write
to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth
Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA


Two classes (HashFunctions and PrimeFinder) included in Trove are
licensed under the following terms: Copyright (c) 1999 CERN - European
Organization for Nuclear Research. Permission to use, copy, modify,
distribute and sell this software and its documentation for any
purpose is hereby granted without fee, provided that the above
copyright notice appear in all copies and that both that copyright
notice and this permission notice appear in supporting
documentation. CERN makes no representations about the suitability of
this software for any purpose. It is provided "as is" without
expressed or implied warranty.
